- 1⁶21 —
5101115, hy the sacrament of penance, and osten devoutly
receives the source of life in the most blessed Eucharist‚
will not easily feel his saith weakened. Perform then
these dutieS, with cheerful fervour , « not with sadness
or 01 necessity, for God loveth a cheersul giver (1). »
Towards the most Holy sacrament we warmly entreat
you to entertain the most tender devotion; promote Its
honour, Its solemn adoration, Its silent worship, Its
frequent reception. ln the ever Blessed and Immaculate
Mother of (lod, we earnestly exhort you to feel afilial
confidence , which is the fruit of love towards her Divino
Son, and will make you have daily recourse to her pa-
tronage and intercession. Love the glory of God's house ‚
and the majesty of His worship: and minister to them
senerously‚ according to your means, Love the poor os
Jesus Christ, His dearest discipleS, and assist them
charitably‚ especially hy supporting such institutions as
secure their spiritual, together with their temporat,
welfare. Edify all around you by the hlamelessness 01

you liveS‚ the Christian order of your families , and the
virtues suited to your condition. « For the rest brethren,

whatsoever things are true , wahtsoever modest, what-
soever just, whatsoever holy, whatsoever lovely, whatso-
ever of good fame, if there be any virtue, if any praise
of discipline, think of these things (2). n

8. But you are exposed 10 trials of another sort, in which

itis likewisse our duty to direct you. Dearly beloved‚ we
need not recal 10 your mInds the many and various ways

in which your saith, your 11101015, your pastorS, your
holiest institutionS, your Church in fine, and your
religion, have been lately assailed. We need not trace the

(Ι) Rom. xm, 13.
(2) Ephcs. iv, 5.

